One day the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse approached the castle of the king, but was stopped at the gate.
"None may enter, the king has decreed." announced the guard.
"Not even the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?" replied the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse.
"You're the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?" exclaimed the guard.
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse troted past the guard who was standing completely bewildered.
After entering the court, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse bowed before the king.
"Who dares enter my court against my decree!"
"It is I your liege, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, I have come to ask for your daughter, the princesses hand in marriage"
The king smiled, "Oh my what an honour, Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, but before I can accept your request, you must rid the land of 3 terrible curses."
"Oh?" inquired the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse.
The king nodded, "First is the great bandit in the mountains over yonder."
So the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse set off galloping across the barren plains and up the treacherous mountains until finally the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse reached the bandit's cave.
At the entrance lay a large burly bandit. "Who dares enter the great bandit's cave, but a dead man?" the bandit pronounced whilst waving a knife.
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse" the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse said proudly.
"Not Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse!" exclaimed the bandit.
Triumphantly the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse replied, "Yes, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse"
The great bandit made a half hearted dash but was cornered in the shallow caves, surrendering to the mercy of the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, who tied the bandit up and galloped back to the castle.
Approaching the castle, a guard called out, "Hail, who goes there?"
"I, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse"
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?"
"Yes, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse"
They paused for a moment. The guard hesitated and closed his gaping mouth. "Then of course you may pass."
Entering the court the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse handed over the bandit.
"Thank you Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, but if you still want my daughter you must retrieve the wand of the hermit witch!"
So off went the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse for many weeks searching, until one day the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse came across a stranger.
"Tell me stranger; do you know where I can find the hermit witch?"
The man glared at the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, "Yes, but I shan't tell."
The knight drew his sword "Not even the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?"
"Oh the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse! Gulp!" the stranger pointed to an abandoned dwelling, "You'll find her in there."
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse entered the hut, "Hag give me your wand!"
The witch turned, aiming the wand at the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, "And who is the fool that wants it?"
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?" she screamed, dropping the wand and cowering in terror.
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse picked it up and headed back to the castle.
Approaching the castle, a guard called out, "Hail, who goes there?"
"I, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?"
"Yes, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse then gallops hastily past the guard and into the court once more announcing his presence.
"It is I, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, I've returned with the hermit witch's wand."
"Thank you Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, but if you still want my daughter's hand in marriage you must defeat the dragon who terrorises our village."
So once again the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse set off to only this time to slay the dragon.
As the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse approached the mighty dragon, it spat terrible fire, but the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse dodged the dragon's attacks, weaving in between boulders for shelter.
Eventually the dragon growled "Who dares approach the mighty dragon?", the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse courageously rose from behind a boulder.
"I am the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
"Not the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse!"
"Oh yes, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, and I've come to defeat you"
On hearing this the dragon trembled, bowing its head, and surrendered to the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse.
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse leashed the dragon and brought it back to the castle.
As the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse approached, a guard called out, "Hail, who goes there?"
"Why the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
"The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse?"
"Yes, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
"Well then you may pass."
Upon entering the court and depositing the dragon the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse approached the king.
"Now may I, the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse take your daughter's hand?"
"Of course, follow the stairs to the top of the tower and you will find her.
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse arrives at the tower to find the door locked and a guard standing next to it.
"Guard open this door."
He shook his head "I shall not, no one may see the princess"
"But I'm the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse"
"Oh the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse, in that case here you are"
He fumbled with the keys, and opened the door.
The Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse ran up the stairs, gasping for air while bursting through the door.
"It is I" the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse said, while stopping to take a breath, "the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse."
The princess turns around to face the Red and White Knight with the Black and White Horse.
"Who?"